[Boycott Paper](http://www.boycottpaper.com/)
=============================================

Here's the source code for my comic site Boycott Paper. The code allows someone
to quickly get a comic site on the web with minor code tweaks. Majority of the
tweaks being in the *.html files. I'm going to give a rundown on the code's
structure and be warned this was my first time ever with Django (and Python)
so if something looks ugly as sin I apologize.

Please note, the source code is completely free to use while any and all actual
content on the site is not based on this license. This license gives you free
use of the source code only.

Comic Module
------------

This is the main and most important module. Inside of this we have **comic.views** which has a load_by_pk and
load_by_slug which cover the same role, just one for primary key and the other for a slug. Besides those to endpoints we
also check for .html and .json and return appropriately. Honestly there is zero reason to have a .json version of this
code base other than I wanted to play around and see if I could make something easier to crawl for a bot.

We also have a latest, first, random, and popular endpoint for our comic. Each of those will do a little bit of logic to
find a slug and then redirect to that comic's canonical url.

Outside of the routes, we have only two models. The **Comic** model stores any meta data related to any given comic
while the **Panel** model stores individual images pertaining to the comic. So all **Comics** must be associated to at
least a single **Panel** and if there's only 1 then the page will render as a single 12 column wide image, otherwise if
there are more **Panels** then each image will render inside of a class="col-md-6 col-lg-4 col-sm-12". Every time a
**Comic** or **Panel** is saved, the code will take **Comic** grab all of the meta data into a string then read all of
the **Panels** and append their text data to that string and finally dump that string into **Search**.

Generic Module
--------------

Here I tossed all of the code related to the index, search, and about page. So besides a route for each of those there
is also an **About** model which uses User as a foreign relation and adds a bio section while the **Search** model is
just a dump of any text related to a **Comic** model so we can do fulltext searches against them.

User Module
--------------

This module isn't really important at this time. All it does is give a way to browse through **Users**. In the future
this could be helpful if I add a members section and will allow people to view original sketches, files, and various
other artwork pieces if they send donations. Don't see donations happening any time soon so this is a todo section.

Requirements
------------

- Python 2.7.3+
- Django 1.5.3
- Yaml
- Markdown

Submitting bugs and feature requests
------------------------------------

Please send bugs to me via
[GitHub](https://github.com/mullanaphy/boycottpaper/issues)

Author
------

John Mullanaphy - <hi@john.mu> - <https://john.mu/>
That's it for now...

License
-------

Boycott Paper's source code is licensed under the Open Software License (OSL 3.0) -
see the `LICENSE` file for details

Acknowledgements
----------------

Nothing